Just a trash like you
Still delusional to defeat our neighbor's real dragon
Just ridiculous
True dragon hahahahaha
In my heart
Aoxue is the real dragon
Tianyuan Road
Men are respected
The child born from you is a nothing
It's the woman who started
You've lost all your status
Yan Er killed him killed him
Kill him! Kill him!
Kill him don't
Don't kill him!
Kill him, China Dali is going to make trouble
Cheng He Style
You take it for me
No.
If you want to kill us, you can
But I only ask for our two lives
For my daughter to live
No matter what the cost
I only hope that Aoxue can live
You really are
Your lives
It's of no value to me at all.
You can have today's end
When giving birth to that useless daughter 18 years ago
It's already doomed
Since you are here too
Maybe we'll die together
He's over 10 years old.
This is impossible
No one in the world can withstand this
Powerful empty energy practice
I want this day
Can't cover my eyes anymore
I want this place
Can't bind my body anymore, I'm
one
proud
snow